
# Listing (`listing`)

[:arrow_backward: Main](../README.md)

In the backoffice menu under `Listing`, the lists of items are managed, when we need to list a series of data, such as products, services, references, news, and much more.

That's why inside the `Listing` backoffice menu there is the `Item`, which is where we associate the items with the respective listings.

The listing can contain Title, Content, Image and Order (ordering).

Each listing must contain items listed in `Listing > Item`

## ReactJS & CSS/LESS

The ReactJS component that manages all Listings (`listing`) on the website is at:

- `website/src/components/Listing`

The component receives several properties such as title (`title`), content (`content`), image (`image`), among others, in addition to the array that contains the related sub-items (`items`).

> Before carrying out the customization, analyze the properties and the CSS/LESS code associated with the component.

### Type (`type`)

The listing (`listing`) must contain an associated type.

The type can be customized in the `Listing > Type` form, where the code field is the value that is used by the ReactJS component in the `type` property.

Then the `type` property received in the ReactJS component `website/src/components/Listing` defines the type of listing that will be processed.

> The `type` is also passed to the `items`, so in the listing items it is also possible to perform customizations according to the listing type.

The `type` property can be used in conditions to customize the HTML structure that will be rendered in the component rendering.
 
The `type` should also be added to the `className` properties of HTML tags generated by the component, to maintain the standard and organization of names, and also make it easier to customize their appearance in the CSS/LESS code.

### Item

In the back office, items are managed in `Listing > Item`, each item contains the listing to which it belongs, title (`title`), content (`content`), image (`image`), order, URL (`link` ) and the type (`type`) which is the type of listing that is processed.

The ReactJS component that manages all Items (`Listing/Item`) on the website is at:

- `website/src/components/Listing/Item`

The `type` property can be used in conditions to customize the HTML structure that will be rendered in the component rendering.
 
The `type` should also be added to the `className` properties of HTML tags generated by the component, to maintain the standard and organization of names, and also make it easier to customize their appearance in the CSS/LESS code.

[:arrow_backward: Main](../README.md)

