
# Estandarte (`banner`)

[:arrow_backward: Main](../README.md)

In the back office menu, under `Standard`, the main highlights of the website pages are managed, also known as __Banners__, they are those good images that occupy the entire area of ​​the window with a well highlighted title above and sometimes with some introductory text, there are others shorter and in many other ways.

The banner can contain Title, Description, Image and Order (ordering).

## ReactJS & CSS/LESS

The ReactJS component that manages all the Banners (`banner`) on the website is at:

- `website/src/components/Banner`

The component receives several properties such as title (`title`), content (`content`), image (`image`), among others.

> Before carrying out the customization, analyze the properties and the CSS/LESS code associated with the component.

### Type (`type`)

Banners (`banner`) must contain an associated type.

The type can be customized in the form `Standard > Type`, where the code field is the value that is used by the ReactJS component in the `type` property.

Then the `type` property received in the ReactJS component `website/src/components/Banner` defines the type of banner that will be processed.

The `type` property can be used in conditions to customize the HTML structure that will be rendered in the component rendering.
 
The `type` should also be added to the `className` properties of HTML tags generated by the component, to maintain the standard and organization of names, and also make it easier to customize their appearance in the CSS/LESS code.

### Position (`position_x` & `position_y`)

The X and Y position are used to adjust the focus of the background image in different resolutions, the usual value is in percentage.

> Allows you to control a part of the image that needs to be always visible.

For example, if both fields contain the value `50%`, then it means that the focus will be on the center of the image, that is, at any resolution, the part of the image that will always be visible will be its center.

[:arrow_backward: Main](../README.md)
